date: October 5, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [bamichae, lethiraj, skim43, sjmarcy]
absent: [rmdavis]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <lethiraj>, progress:  data visualizations},
  {ubit: <skim43>, progress: Extracted and parsed wikipedia data with Python and converted into readable format},
  {ubit: <sjmarcy>, progress: Working on UI development, specifically US map UI},
  {ubit: <bamichae>, progress: Took data from Twitter and internet, organized it, created a simple map of USA with keyword 'trump' plotted},
  {ubit: <ajnenno2>, progress: Created website, added content to website, added to Github page, created branches},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ALL: Make US scrollable map},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  We need to figure out where this project will go from here
