date: October 14, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [bamichae, lethiraj, skim43, sjmarcy]
absent: [rmdavis]
excused_absences: [ ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <lethiraj>, progress: finished visiualizations},
  {ubit: <skim43>, progress: finished extraction and tables},
  {ubit: <sjmarcy>, progress: finished his US map hover functionality},
  {ubit: <bamichae>, progress: finished extracting data and converting to manageable files}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ALL>, issue: open issues},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.

