date: October 4, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [bamichae,skim43, sjmarcy]
absent: [lethiraj, rmdavis]
excused_absences: [ lethiraj, rmdavis
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <lethiraj>, progress: Started working on the data visualizations},
  {ubit: <skim43>, progress: Extracted and parsed wikipedia data with Python and converted into readable format},
  {ubit: <sjmarcy>, progress: Working on UI development, specifically US map UI},
  {ubit: <bamichae>, progress: Took data from Twitter and internet, organized it, created a simple map of USA with keyword 'trump' plotted},
  {ubit: <ajnenno2>, progress: Created website, added content to website, added to Github page, created branches},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ALL>, issue: Needs interactive GUI},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  We need to get the GUI up by sprint 2

