date: September 23, 2016
meeting_type: meeting 
attendance: [skim43, lethiraj, sjmarcy, bamichae, rmdavis]
absent: [lethiraj]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: lethiraj, reason: very sick. Valid excuse}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: skim43, progress: extracted more data & working on Python pandas},
  {ubit: lethiraj, progress: collected data},
  {ubit: bamichae, progress: Collected data, UI progress},
  {ubit: sjmarcy, progress: Worked on UI data},
  {ubit: rmdavis, progress: Just came into group, brainstorming},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: ANY, issue: Need to switch hosting}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.

