date: November 18, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [bamichae, lethiraj, skim43, sjmarcy]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <lethiraj>, progress: working on more UI},
  {ubit: <skim43>, progress: made 50 webpages with each individual state},
  {ubit: <sjmarcy>, progress: Additional features to map, adding more maps, clicking state},
  {ubit: <bamichae>, progress: working on python cgi},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ALL>, issue: Need tweets streaming in},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  KICKED RON OUT OF GROUP, (he resigned rip)
