date: October 21, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [bamichae, skim43, sjmarcy]
absent: [rmdavis,lethiraj]
excused_absences: [ lethiraj]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: lethiraj, progress:  data visualizations},
  {ubit: skim43, progress: working with database/analytics},
  {ubit: sjmarcy, progress: A nice US map},
  {ubit: bamichae, progress: Python script for tweets, back end stuff},
  {ubit: rmdavis, progress: Missing in Action},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ALL: Keep up the good work},
  ]
Notes:  | Hopefully will have a lot done by the 3rd sprint
