date: October 7, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [bamichae, lethiraj, skim43, sjmarcy]
absent: [rmdavis]
excused_absences: [ ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <lethiraj>, progress: finished data visualizations},
  {ubit: <skim43>, progress: almost finished/finished creating data tables},
  {ubit: <sjmarcy>, progress: finished hover function},
  {ubit: <bamichae>, progress: almost ready to push cleaned twitter data},
  {},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ALL>, issue: Need sprint video, release version 0.2.0},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.

